 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? to display element components.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? properties w/ value inside element tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?for title names and not that much, maybe once is fine for main title then h2 and down the rest.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? input and textarea.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? meta,title,link,and maybe style tags.

    7. What is an id? unique selector for directing easier and also styling/calling.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? all.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? as much as you want.

    10. What is a class? a selector mainly used to call for styling.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? all.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as much as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add an attribute "target" give value "_blank".

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? to display the description of an object if it doesnt show.

    15. How do I reference an id? #{style here}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is more for reg content like text,img's maybe, etc. Div is more for holding those sections or other mid size components.

    17. What is CSS used for? styling html.

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h1{style here}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one they can do the same job but an id can be used to redirect clients to different parts of the page, and class can not so it would more likely be used for just styling and calling.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .{style here}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human{style here}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? for example if I had a div with a input inside, the div is the parent and the input is the child. useful for responsive manipulation.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar{style here}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? selector that gets more specific with the element. 9x out of 10 will start after ":" >>example>>> p:nth-child(odd){style every other p here}(from 1).

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform:lowercase or uppercase or just first letter(capitalize).

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:solid 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{style here}
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? it will show the pathway and name of file at the top of the terminal or cmd but to find out what folder your in you'll use 'pwd' command.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 'ls' command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? using 'rm' command an be careful because when its gone....its gone.

    34. Why should I use version control? So we can keep up with work properly and more organized.

    35. How often should I commit to github?as often as possible,its meant for us developers :)
 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. .....
			1.)understand the task, fork your own copy, clone that copy to your machine(git clone 'url'), make a branch ,make requested changes, add changes(git add '.' or 'specified name'), commit changes(git commit -m 'msg of updates'), then push changes(git push), and add TL as collab. , and done.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?inline fall in line behind one a another really closely too and block elements kinda keep there own space and in a way causes a <br> line break.
 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it gets positioned at the top left of the screen by default.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? by using the value 'auto'

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default?header,footer,section>>li,a>>div.



    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
		Ok basically, its how html elements are styled by default or modeled by them selves. The Browsers inception of the elements.

